with war in Gaza tension and violence
are also rising in the West Bank which
is occupied by Israel but run by the
Palestinian Authority it says two
Palestinian children including an
8-year-old were killed in Janine by
Israel's Defense Forces today who
carried out a raid in the territory our
Middle East correspondent Lucy
Williamson sent this report from Janine
and a warning there are very distressing
images from the
start as Israel's military operation and
Janine came to an end so did the life of
Adam
alul shot as he ran his 8-year-old body
easily dragged from the
road in a nearby Street his 14-year-old
friend Basel Abal wafa fought for his
life gunfire hitting the ground around
him doctors at Janine Hospital declared
Adam dead in minutes from a single shot
to his head they tried and failed to
save Basel two bullet wounds in his
chest he's perfect in the school he's a
good boy he's kind I don't know he's
inocent he's not from the
militias as the teenager's broken body
was covered with the flag of Hamas one
relative shook his head they said buzzel
wanted it he told me but I don't think
so he is the smallest one of the kids
the hospital director said both
children's wounds were designed to kill
in the chest the chest and in the brain
this is uh for
killing what do you mean the soldier
when they shot them they they won't
killing them there is no safe place now
in jine no safe place your home is not
safe the children were shot this
afternoon as Israel's Army withdrew from
a military operation in Janine's refugee
camp the Army said it used missiles
grenades and explosives lives here
killing a senior Commander for Islamic
Jihad and arresting 17 other
people before 7th October they would
destroy everything inside the homes but
now they're tearing the whole house down
it's because they lost in Gaza so
they're retaliating against us this is
all about their failure in
Gaza I can see the destruction left by
the Israeli operation
here this is something people in the
camper used to but today it's the human
damage that people are really focused on
Israel said it used live fire to shoot
suspects hurling explosive devices at
them in Janine the UN says more than 50
children have been killed by Israeli
forces in the West Bank since the 7th of
October attacks today that list grew
longer 14-year-old basil and 8-year-old
Adam victims of a conflict that keeps
getting older even when children die
Lucy Williamson BBC News Janine